zh, en: add primary/unique key check description (#223)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/precheck.md

    - TiDB does not support the foreign key.
    - [Character set compatibility differs](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/reference/sql/character-set/).

>     DM will also check primary/unqiue key exists for all upstream tables, supported since v1.0.7

Reviewer: It is not recommended to use slashes to separate alternatives.
```suggestion
    DM will also check primary or unqiue key exists for all upstream tables, supported since v1.0.7
```

>     DM will also check primary or unqiue key exists for all upstream tables, supported since v1.0.7

Reviewer 2: @ireneontheway Please be careful about grammar errors when you review PRs.
```suggestion
    DM will also check whether the primary key or unique key restriction exists in all upstream tables. This check is introduced in v1.0.7.
```
